# EgxEffect ProjectNevaEvaLostime
This is never before seen picture pages of proof that im the creator and author of Losttime comics. Hi, ADRIAN C.EUGENE; This is all new to me as im in search of a IT Guy/Gal that lives locally in theSpartanburg Greenville area that can work from home and help me set up shop with computers, cameras, software like adobe n toonboom while keeping the Nft comicbook app loaded with new content as I continue creating a epic multiverse sandbox of stories that can be found on amazon.com search ADRIAN C.EUGENE.these original urban anime stories such as INK ICONS,Nambi Ichi; 37th Test.The Diary of Jett july and 5th Till Midnight and more to come. 
later a serious brench of trust issue with the first team. I never got paid to pay the bills as well  crippling and nearly Detroying and making me homeless 12 grand is need before the Sept.14th this Wednesday with them sabotaging gone and a new passionate team of professionals with integrity on board including jdelille poolhost and ercjns who did amazing work will be able to get the company back on track and show the pool it was a set back not a shut down!!!
4Bware Stephan Joshua Nix and Kelly R.Hallman  are not in charge of anything. block them out do not let their lies corrupt you're spirit >>Stay focus and believe in the projects. Contact me at 864-612-3976. all or text.ink icons tattoo studio 7096 Howard stret9Spartanburg, South Carolina 29303. I be happy to answer any questions you might have. I'm already getting request to add to resourses  so please bear with me. I'm brand new. see Facebook pages and profile my active that I own and talk is ACEBLACK AND IITATTOISTUDIO  YOU CAN VIEW INKICONSTATTOOS ADRIAN EUGENE BLACKSWAN AS WELL AS TIKTOK INSTAGRAM AND TWITTER. YOU CAN for a limited time make bitcoin n cash donation to cash app $ACEINKICONS40 DUE TO THE LIMITED TIME I HAVE TO SAVE ALL THIS ARTWORK BEFORE IM PUT OUT ON THE STREET due to the hate of Stephen Joshua NIX who does nothing but denies and lies and is on a smear campaign because he has control of my emails losttimellc@gmail.com and dreamstreamlosttime@outlook.com they are no longer used. Stephan joshua Nix spike zapped the computer I'm on a cell doing all this. I'm serious as you will see on the ACEBLACK fb page. He thinks he won please he stole over $600 thousand dollars in company funding!! PAID SOMEONE TO STEAL MY CAR and keep it from me her name is Ashley Fortner. The guy is Nazi KKK NARCISSISTIC NUTJOB anybody a #probono lawyer so I can sue his pants off please. lesson learn now back to work...

Thank you
AdrianCEugene
losttime LLC dba 
ink icons tattoo studio
7096Howard street Spartanburg SC 29303
